clarify Sonoff ZBDongle-E only supports software flow control. (#2984)
Koenkk/zigbee2mqtt.io: docs/guide/adapters/emberznet.md

<details>
<summary>Sonoff ZBDongle-E (V2 model, EFR32MG21)</summary>

> With external antenna. It only supports software flow control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With external antenna. Only supports software flow control (make sure not to set `rtscts: true`).
```
